About:
    This program explores sorting algorithms with databases. I have implemented both merge sort and binary search algorithms. In the “search by 
  video title” endpoint, I use these algorithms to determine if the searched title exists within the database. Another endpoint generates a 
  sorted list of all titles in the database, providing users with an alphabetical list of all titles. For this project, I used a RESTful API in 
  Flask. I used Postman to test my endpoints.

PIP Installs:
  -blinker                1.8.2
  -click                  8.1.7
  -colorama               0.4.6
  -Flask                  3.0.3
  -flask-marshmallow      1.2.1
  -Flask-SQLAlchemy       3.1.1
  -greenlet               3.0.3
  -itsdangerous           2.2.0
  -Jinja2                 3.1.4
  -MarkupSafe             2.1.5
  -marshmallow            3.22.0
  -marshmallow-sqlalchemy 1.1.0
  -mysql-connector-python 9.0.0
  -packaging              24.1
  -pip                    24.2
  -SQLAlchemy             2.0.32
  -typing_extensions      4.12.2
  -Werkzeug               3.0.4

How to Search by title:
http://127.0.0.1:5000/search?query=Travel%20Diaries%3A%20Discovering%20Europe

Questions:
  Video Search Application with Binary Search
  Objective: The objective of this assignment is to develop a video search application that utilizes the binary search algorithm to quickly 
  find specific videos in a sorted list.

  Problem Statement: You are tasked with building a video search function that allows users to search for videos by their titles using the 
  binary search algorithm. This function should provide fast and efficient search functionality, enhancing the user experience.

  video_titles = [
      "The Art of Coding",
      "Exploring the Cosmos",
      "Cooking Masterclass: Italian Cuisine",
      "History Uncovered: Ancient Civilizations",
      "Fitness Fundamentals: Strength Training",
      "Digital Photography Essentials",
      "Financial Planning for Beginners",
      "Nature's Wonders: National Geographic",
      "Artificial Intelligence Revolution",
      "Travel Diaries: Discovering Europe"
  ]

  You can use this list video_titles in your Python code for further processing or manipulation.

  Task 1:
  Implement the binary search algorithm for searching videos by title.

  Task 2:
  Develop a REST API endpoint using Flask that allows users to search for videos by their titles using the binary search developed in Task 1. 
  This API should accept a search query as input and return the matching videos, if any.

  Task 3:
  Test the video search functionality using Postman or a similar tool. Send requests to the API endpoint created in Task 2 with different search 
  queries to verify its correctness and efficiency. Ensure that the API returns the expected results for both existing and non-existing videos.

  Expected Outcomes:
  Successful implementation of the binary search algorithm for efficient searching of videos by title.
  Development of a robust REST API endpoint using Flask, integrating the binary search algorithm from Task 1 to provide fast and accurate video 
  search functionality.
  Verify the correctness and efficiency of the search algorithm, confirming that the API returns the expected results for both existing and 
  non-existing videos.


  Video Sorting with Merge Sort
  Objective: The objective of this assignment is to implement the merge sort algorithm to sort a list of videos based on their titles.

  Problem Statement: You are tasked with developing a video sorting function that sorts a list of videos alphabetically by their titles using the 
  merge sort algorithm. This application will help users organize their video collections more efficiently. You should use the previous assignment 
  project.

  Task 1:
  Implement the merge sort algorithm in Python to sort videos by their titles..

  Task 2:
  Develop another REST API endpoint using Flask that allows users to fetch a list of videos sorting alphabetically by their titles using the merge 
  sort developed in Task 1.

  Task 3:

  Test the video sorting functionality using Postman or a similar tool. Send requests to the API endpoint created in Task 2 and verify its 
  correctness and efficiency. Ensure that the API returns the expected results.

  Expected Outcomes:
  Successful implementation of the merge sort algorithm for sorting videos alphabetically by title.
  Correct sorting of video titles, enhancing the organization of video collections.

  NOTE: 
  Ensure that all code in your file is ready to run. This means that if someone opens your file and clicks the run button at the top, all 
  code executes as intended. For example, if there are if statements, print statements, or for loops, they should function correctly and display 
  output in the console as expected. If you have a function, make sure the function is called and runs. If there are classes/objects, make sure 
  they are instantiated and the methods are called.

  The goal of this note is to ensure that all code in your Python file runs smoothly and that is has been tested.